hello and welcome to deck player 7
walkthrough I I get a cash cow we only
have four animals left huh then we can
raise it this is my first cast chest so
I'm excited
so anyway first up me show you a few
things with cat we're going to get today
the half fish and the parent the parent
I was having so much trouble in last
time but you know there's very tons of
ways to get the parent you can destroy a
robot or get lucky and destroy and find
one in my class I hate them yep you can
either find one
here by destroying one of these guys I'm
sorry I stuck with mujh there are koalas
grills oh my god I got dope fella oh no
that's not luck
I really really really really do not
need speed shoes right now
there is the parrot she's in the last
video I was dying finest done oh great I
don't want to be a minstrel Skeffington
who run
alright next we're gonna find out how to
get the high fish all right this cheeky
monkey we will stir it up for a little
and choke down wait for the bomb
those cute
aite this person relevant
I hate all of your just levels so of
course the most kills himself and we can
add a fish
anyway so we're just lucky we got the
freaking pier it because last time I was
dying to find that thing so half fish
you have to let the monkey steer it for
a couple seconds then you jump down
hopefully throws it towards you you're
of course never does
don't throw it I'm gonna desti destroyed
and stuff again yep kill itself again
this is going to take so freaking long
that and I can't even speed up because
my computer's broken
but i can still upload videos with luck
hey where is it so you're going to pick
up the bomb this may take a little bit
of practice of course you're in your
head and then you're going to find the
half fish car gosh thank good yeah I
grabbed a few animals before this video
I already had a half fish but oh so now
we're going to feed our Chow the half
dish and the parent oh my gosh can't we
were this close we got now or two more
geez can you imagine we started out on
oh gosh all right we already had a pad
fish so now let's find it again hey
buddy yeah
so human half fish
there we go we gave him a half fish and
now the parrot beret we're done with
this part
so pick them up and dare shape thank you
for watching please subscribe and I'll
be back next time with a final part of
the cash check